Friday Announcements 2021 06 25 (#992)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/changes/highlights/2021-06-25.md

---
date: 2021-06-25T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending Jun 25, 2021
changes_categories:
- Highlights
owner:
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## General

As we aim to align our terminology with the Kubernetes project where possible, we started replacing the term _master node_ with _control plane node_ in our communication and user interfaces.

## Managed apps

> [EFK v0.5.3](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/efk-stack-app/v0.5.3/) adds support to override the Kibana image registry, increasing flexibility. For example, allowing customers to install their own plugins, set default configs, etc.

Author: @QuentinBisson , @giantswarm/app-squad-efk - please check if OK w you :)

Reviewer: Good for me

---
date: 2021-06-25T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending June 25, 2021
changes_categories:
- Highlights
owner:
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## General

As we aim to align our terminology with the Kubernetes project where possible, we started replacing the term _master node_ with _control plane node_ in our communication and user interfaces.

## Managed apps

> [EFK v0.5.4](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/efk-stack-app/v0.5.4/) adds a option to clean stale lock files in an init container. In some cases lock files are not cleaned up automatically when NFS is used for storage. In those cases Elasticsearch can't start.

Author: ```suggestion
[EFK v0.5.4](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/efk-stack-app/v0.5.4/) adds an option to clean stale lock files in an init container. This addresses some cases when lock files are not cleaned up automatically (when NFS is used for storage) and Elasticsearch cannot start.
```
